Release notes for 8.15.3 (#16527)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/releasenotes.asciidoc

* <<logstash-8-0-0-alpha1,Logstash 8.0.0-alpha1>>

[[logstash-8-15-3]]
=== Logstash 8.15.3 Release Notes

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[[notable-8.15.3]]
==== Notable issues fixed
```

* Improved the pipeline bootstrap error logs, it now includes the cause's backtrace giving a hint where the issue occurred https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/16495[#16495]

* Fixed Logstash core compatibility issues with `logstash-input-azure_event_hubs` previous versions `<1.4.8` https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/16485[#16485]

==== Plugins

*Elastic_integration Filter - 0.1.14*

> * Fix register available PainlessExtension-s, resolving an issue where the pipelines for some integrations would fail to compile https://github.com/elastic/logstash-filter-elastic_integration/pull/162[#162]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enabled the use of org.elasticsearch.ingest.common.Processors in Ingest Pipelines, resolving an issue where the some integrations would fail to load https://github.com/elastic/logstash-filter-elastic_integration/pull/162[#162]
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Enabled the use of org.elasticsearch.ingest.common.Processors in Ingest Pipelines, resolving an issue where some integrations would fail to load https://github.com/elastic/logstash-filter-elastic_integration/pull/162[#162]
```
..resolving an issue where ~the~ some..

Reviewer: right!, fixed

* <<logstash-8-0-0-alpha1,Logstash 8.0.0-alpha1>>

[[logstash-8-15-3]]
=== Logstash 8.15.3 Release Notes

[[notable-8.15.3]]

> ==== Notable issues fixed

Reviewer: Just adding a new line here to avoid markdown confusion
```suggestion
==== Notable issues fixed

```

* <<logstash-8-0-0-alpha1,Logstash 8.0.0-alpha1>>

[[logstash-8-15-3]]
=== Logstash 8.15.3 Release Notes

[[notable-8.15.3]]
==== Notable issues fixed

> * Improved the pipeline bootstrap error logs, it now includes the cause's backtrace giving a hint where the issue occurred https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/16495[#16495]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Improved the pipeline bootstrap error logs to include the cause's backtrace, giving a hint where the issue occurred https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/16495[#16495]
```

> * Fixed Logstash core compatibility issues with `logstash-input-azure_event_hubs` previous versions `<1.4.8` https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/16485[#16485]

Reviewer 3: The standard for version info is to say "versions 1.4.8 and earlier," but since `1.4.8` is in backticks and rendered as literal, I'm not sure that's the right thing to do here. I trust your expertise on this one. Whatever you decide is fine.

Reviewer 2: I prefer the standard way, thanks for reviewing, Karen! :)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixed Logstash core compatibility issues with `logstash-input-azure_event_hubs` versions `1.4.8` and earlier https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/16485[#16485]
```

> * Fixed Logstash core compatibility issues with `logstash-input-azure_event_hubs` previous versions `<1.4.8` https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/16485[#16485]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixed Logstash core compatibility issues with `logstash-input-azure_event_hubs` versions `1.4.8` and earlier https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/16485[#16485]
```
